add image packaging doc (#325)
harvester/docs: docs/airgap.md

When the nodes in the cluster do not use a proxy to communicate with each other, the CIDR needs to be added to `http-proxy.noProxy` after the first node is installed successfully. Please refer to [fail to deploy a multi-node cluster](./troubleshooting/harvester.md#fail-to-deploy-a-multi-node-cluster-due-to-incorrect-http-proxy-setting).

:::

> ## Image Packaging

Reviewer: Since the section most addresses guest cluster images, how about naming the section "Guest Cluster Images"?

> In the Harvester cluster, all the necessary images are conveniently packaged into the ISO, eliminating the need for users to pre-load any images on the bare-metal nodes. The Harvester cluster operates them independently and effectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All necessary images to install and run Harvester are conveniently packaged into the ISO, eliminating the need to pre-load images on bare-metal nodes. A Harvester cluster manages them independently and effectively behind the scenes. 
```

> However, it's important to note that the guest k8s clusters(e.g., RKE2 cluster) created by the [Harvester node driver](./rancher/node/node-driver.md) are distinct entities from the Harvester cluster. These clusters operate within virtual machines (VMs) and require the pulling of images either from the internet or a [private registry](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/global-default-private-registry#configure-a-private-registry-with-credentials-when-creating-a-cluster). Within these k8s clusters, the Harvester cloud provider and CSI driver are deployed if the `Cloud Provider` option is configured to `Harvester`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, it's essential to understand a guest K8s cluster (e.g., RKE2 cluster) created by the [Harvester node driver](./rancher/node/node-driver.md) is a distinct entity from a Harvester cluster. A guest cluster operates within VMs and requires pulling images either from the internet or a [private registry](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/global-default-private-registry#configure-a-private-registry-with-credentials-when-creating-a-cluster). 

If the **Cloud Provider** option is configured to **Harvester** in a guest K8s cluster, it deploys the Harvester cloud provider and Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.
```

![cluster-registry](/img/v1.2/cluster-registry.png)

> As a result, you are recommended to monitor each [RKE2 release](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases) in the air-gap environment and pull the required images into your private registry, please refer to the [Harvester support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-1-2/) for its compatibility and dependency scopes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result, we recommend monitoring each [RKE2 release](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases) in your air gapped environment and pulling the required images into your private registry. Please refer to the **Harvester CCM & CSI Driver** with RKE2 Releases section on the [Harvester support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-1-2/) for the best Harvester cloud provider and CSI driver capability support.
```
